Now here I'm again connected to my real mobile device, inspecting the screen and you can see it here
too.
Now we need to get the latest version of the service worker there
too, so I'll reload, close that tab
and re-open it.
Now I'm connected again with the new service worker activated, old caches were removed as you
can see
and now let's try here too. If I click
the plus, I'm asked whether I want to add it as a progressive web app, yes sure let's do that.
I should also be asked whether I want to give access to the camera,
yes allow that.
So hey here you can see me,
that's really awesome, I can see myself in so many places here.
So now I can of course try to take a nice picture here, then enter something as a title
and of course fetch location which was super fast and hit post and now, I get my notification here with
which I can open the help page if I tap it since we set it up like this to get access to that.
This shows that this also works on the mobile device of course
and now we really got an amazing progressive web app with offline access for both getting and sending
data using native device features and much more
and you hopefully get a good impression of how you dig into that, where you can look deeper, where you
can have a look at for example watching the user position instead of getting the active one
and of course, we're not done yet.
We'll have a look at how we can manage all the code we already have here, implement service workers
in a way where we manage stuff about them automatically and additional cool things.
Let's continue.